100 Continue
  When a client gets this status code, it means the server has received their request header
  and has accepted the request, so the client can go ahead and send the request body.
  This is most commonly used when a client wants to send content that is large.
  It will send an Expect: 100 - continue to the server and when the server sends
  back a response with status 100 continue, it proceeds to send the body.

101 Switching Protocols
  A client can send a request to the server to switch the communication protocol
  using the Upgrade header. This can be say switching from HTTP/1.1 to HTTP/2
  or switching to WebSocket. The server will response with a response code 101
  and an Upgrade response header with information on the protocol it upgraded to.

200 Ok
This response status code indicates that our request was successful. This is used
mostly when we request for data from the server and it responds with the data.
When you visit the link to a webpage, the browser sends a request to the server
to give it the contents of that webpage.

The server will respond with a status 200 ok and a header specifying the type
of content returned (text/html, multimedia, etc) and a body
containing the content itself.

201 Created
  This is the response code the client gets after sending resource (data) to the server.
  This resource is stored by the server and upon successfully storing it,
  the 201 Created response code is returned with the newly created resource as
  the request body. It can be form submissions, file uploads or other related
  activities.

202 Accepted
  This is not a very common response code sent by servers. It is used in cases
  where a request by the client has been received but the server has sent it in
  for processing. It is a non-committal response in that when the server
  eventually comes around to process the request, it may or may not act upon
  it based on if the client has the right to make that request or if the server
  has the means to handle it. Also, it means the server will not be sending any
  response afterwards.

  This can be used in cases when a request is transferred to another server or
  when a request is batched to be proceed at another time. In such a scenario,
  the server ought to return an indicator of the current status of the request
  and a way for the client to monitor the processing of the request.

203 Non authoritive information
  This is also not a very common response code. It signifies that the response
  the client is getting is not exactly as it was when sent by the server.
  It can mean that the response has been modified as it passed through a
  proxy tunnel or some other related third party.

  The data eventually returned might be a subset or superset of the data
  returned from the server.

204 No Content
  This response code tells the client (in the case of a user agent) not to change
  the current document presented to the user. Header information might be updated,
  but no new content will be sent along.

  This response can be sent after a client makes a request updating a
  resources on the server and the server does not need to return any
  data since nothing new was created. The server must never return a response
  body when it sends a 204 - No Content status code.

205 Reset Content
  This response status tells the client to refresh the document sample.

206 partial Content
  This response code indicates that the request has succeeded and the response
  body has the requested ranges of data. The server only sends ranges of data
  when the client sets the Range header in it’s request. Bear in mind that the
  client must never request a range if it cannot handle the range.

  If there is only one range, the Content-Type of the whole response is
  set to the type of the document, and a Content-Range is provided. If several
  ranges are sent back, the Content-Type is set to multipart/byteranges and each
  fragment cover one range, with Content-Range and Content-Type describing it.

  When a range is requested by the client, the server returns 206 Parital Content
  and never returns a 200 Ok. Medias like large videos and images are good
  examples of data return as a range.

301 Moved Permanently
  This tells the client that the resource they seek has been moved permanently,
  and then presents the URL to the new location of the resource. This does two
  things: tells the client where to find the resource and also helps the client
  know where to go the next time they need the resource. The new location for
   the resource is specified by the Location header.

302 Found
  It is used for temporary redirect. Client browsers will redirect to the
  specified resource but indexing systems like search engines will not change
  their reference to the resource as the redirect is only temporary. And like 301,
  client browsers might change the body/method of the request, so when you want
  to temporarily redirect a POST, use 307 instead.
